docs: provide migration guide (round 2!) (#301)
faker-js/faker: docs/migration/index.md

> # Migration from faker.js v5

Reviewer: I took this from https://next.router.vuejs.org/guide/migration/index.html

Beside that, the old version really was named "faker.js", was it?

There are now two bundles: `cjs` and `esm`

The browser bundle was dropped in favor of `esm`

> So if you like to use `Faker` in the **browser**, just use:

Reviewer 2: I think it would make sense to provide a few separate sections like `Browsers`, `JavaScript`, `TypeScript` so people could easily jump to the place of their interest.

```html
<script type="module">
  import { faker } from 'https://unpkg.com/@faker-js/faker';

  console.log(`${faker.name.firstName()} ${faker.name.lastName()}`);
</script>
```

A stackblitz playground can be found here: https://stackblitz.com/edit/typescript-damv7h

> :::tip

Reviewer: :astonished: you can do that?

Faker now provides TypeScript types out of the box.
So you can remove `@types/faker` completely.
:::

You no longer need to import `faker` as a standard import, but as a tree shakeable instance.

For JS:

```js
const { faker } = require('@faker-js/faker');

// Or specific locale
const fakerDe = require('@faker-js/faker/locale/de');
```

For TS:

```ts
import { faker } from '@faker-js/faker';

// Or specific locale
import fakerDe from '@faker-js/faker/locale/de';
```

> :::tip
> If you have many files using these imports, we suggest to use e.g. VSCode's search and replace functionality.
> :::

Author: ```suggestion
:::tip
The migration should be as simple as a quick find + replace and can shave many megabytes off of your initial page load.
:::
```

Reviewer: `shave` is a hard to understand word for non natives like me :thinking: 
Also `initial page load` is not true in any way if you just use faker for e.g. test-suite

---

:::warning

> You need to switch from the package `faker` to `@faker-js/faker`.  

Reviewer 2: I think this should end up much higher for visibility...

> You need to switch from the package `faker` to `@faker-js/faker`.  

Author: ```suggestion
You MUST swap all references from the "`faker`" package to the new "`@faker-js/faker`" package.
```

> We also provided all historical versions under the new organization scope. So if you depend on a specific version you still can use `"@faker-js/faker": "5.5.3"`.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to releasing all _future_ versions under the `@faker-js/faker` package namespace, we have ALSO provided all _historical_ versions of faker, so if you depend on a specific version of faker you still can reference the version directly. `npm i @faker-js/faker@5.5.3 -D` will work just fine 😄.
```
